operator: add flag to skip decommission on scale down (#61)
NVIDIA/ais-k8s: operator/CHANGELOG.md

- The operator-managed `AIStoreAuth` reconciliation now generates an owned `{name}-config` ConfigMap containing a fully rendered `authn.json`.
- Operator-provisioned certificates via `tls.certificate` will include service external endpoints in the SAN list when using `externalAccess` options.

> - A new `.spec.targetSpec.scaleDownMode` field to support cases where you expect a scaled-down target pod to be replaced immediately, for example by another pod that was previously pending. Set `scaleDownMode: retain` to retain data on nodes when scaling down.

Reviewer: IMO I think this will read a bit better:

```suggestion
- `spec.targetSpec.scaleDownMode` option to control target scale-down behavior. Defaults to `decommission` (rebalance data off the node, or delete it if rebalance is disabled); set to `retain` to keep data on the node via maintenance mode, for use when a replacement pod is expected to reschedule there immediately.
```
